README.md, before:

# Pretty Doc Comments
A Visual Studio extension that overlays XML doc comments with a rendered image. It makes the comment much more readable and reduces visual noise created by XML-tags.

[Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments)

[Changelog](./changelog.md)

### Compatibility
It works with single line comments in **C#**, **C++**, **F#** (`///`) and **VB** (`'''`). Multiline comments (`/**  */`) are ignored.

| original | prettyfied |
| --- | --- |
| ![original](./original.png?raw=true) | ![prettyfied](./prettyfied.png?raw=true) |

## Getting Started
[Download](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments) and run the extension (VSIX) for Visual Studio 2022 or later from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments) or, from within Visual Studio, search for "PrettyDocComments" in the "Extensions and Updates" UI.

### Editing XML doc comments
When the text cursor (or the text selection start or end) is on a doc comment line, the pretty image is hidden and the original XML text is revealed and ready to be edited the usual way.

### Configuration

You can configure the appearance of the prettyfied comments in menu ***Tools / Options...***, section ***Pretty Doc Comments***

![options](./options.png?raw=true)

### Collapse to Summary
You can collapse the comments so that text following the &lt;summary&gt; tag will be hidden. This is a global setting affecting all the comments.

Expanded (default):<br/>
![expanded](./expanded.png?raw=true)

Collapsed:<br/>
![collapsed](./collapsed.png?raw=true)

A greater than sign (**&gt;**) appears to the lower right of the comment if text was hidden.

You can change this setting in three ways:
- In the <u>Options dialog</u> described above in the section **Sizing**, option **Collapse Comments to Summary** 
- Through the <u>menu item</u> **Edit > Toggle Collapse Comments to Summary**
  ![menu_collapse](./menu_collapse.png?raw=true)
- Through a <u>shortcut key</u>. No default key binding is assigned to this toggle command as we want to avoid any clashes with existing shortcuts.
  You can assign a shortcut key through the menu **Tools / Options...** by selecting the option **Environment > Keyboard**.
  
  Here you can search for commands containing "summ". The name of our command is **Edit.ToggleCollapseCommentstoSummary**.
  Assign it your desired shortcut key. On my GB-Ascii keyboard **Ctr+Shift+\\** works well.

### Shink Empty Lines extension
If you also have installed and enabled the **Shrink Empty Lines** extensions from the Microsoft Productivity Power Tools, it might interfere with this extension as both are changing the line heights. This can be avoided by disabling 
*Tools -> Options -> Productivity Power Tools -> General -> <u>Compress lines that do not have any alphanumeric characters</u>*. You can leave the other option *<u>Compress blank lines</u>* enabled.<br/>
![collapsed](./ShrinkEmptyLinesOptions.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

- Updated README.md, added info about invalid XML.
- Minor changes in example projects.

README.md, after:

# Pretty Doc Comments
A Visual Studio extension that overlays XML doc comments with a rendered image. It makes the comment much more readable and reduces visual noise created by XML-tags.

[Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments)

[Changelog](./changelog.md)

### Compatibility
It works with single line comments in **C#**, **C++**, **F#** (`///`) and **VB** (`'''`). Multiline comments (`/**  */`) are ignored.

| original | prettyfied |
| --- | --- |
| ![original](./original.png?raw=true) | ![prettyfied](./prettyfied.png?raw=true) |

## Getting Started
[Download](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments) and run the extension (VSIX) for Visual Studio 2022 or later from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=OlivierJacot-Descombes.PrettyDocComments) or, from within Visual Studio, search for "PrettyDocComments" in the "Extensions and Updates" UI.

### Editing XML doc comments
When the text cursor (or the text selection start or end) is on a doc comment line, the pretty image is hidden and the original XML text is revealed and ready to be edited the usual way.

The XML must be valid XML. If it is not, the original comment text and an error message are displayed.
For example, a **'&lt;'** character must be written as **\&lt;**

Note that Visual Studio cannot display tooltips from comments containing invalid XML.

### Configuration

You can configure the appearance of the prettyfied comments in menu ***Tools / Options...***, section ***Pretty Doc Comments***

![options](./options.png?raw=true)

### Collapse to Summary
You can collapse the comments so that text following the &lt;summary&gt; tag will be hidden. This is a global setting affecting all the comments.

Expanded (default):<br/>
![expanded](./expanded.png?raw=true)

Collapsed:<br/>
![collapsed](./collapsed.png?raw=true)

A greater than sign (**&gt;**) appears to the lower right of the comment if text was hidden.

You can change this setting in three ways:
- In the <u>Options dialog</u> described above in the section **Sizing**, option **Collapse Comments to Summary** 
- Through the <u>menu item</u> **Edit > Toggle Collapse Comments to Summary**
  ![menu_collapse](./menu_collapse.png?raw=true)
- Through a <u>shortcut key</u>. No default key binding is assigned to this toggle command as we want to avoid any clashes with existing shortcuts.
  You can assign a shortcut key through the menu **Tools / Options...** by selecting the option **Environment > Keyboard**.
  
  Here you can search for commands containing "summ". The name of our command is **Edit.ToggleCollapseCommentstoSummary**.
  Assign it your desired shortcut key. On my GB-Ascii keyboard **Ctr+Shift+\\** works well.

### Shink Empty Lines extension
If you also have installed and enabled the **Shrink Empty Lines** extensions from the Microsoft Productivity Power Tools, it might interfere with this extension as both are changing the line heights. This can be avoided by disabling 
*Tools -> Options -> Productivity Power Tools -> General -> <u>Compress lines that do not have any alphanumeric characters</u>*. You can leave the other option *<u>Compress blank lines</u>* enabled.<br/>
![collapsed](./ShrinkEmptyLinesOptions.png?raw=true)
